.TH NEO-SUPERVISE 1 "March 2026" "neo 0.1.0" "Neo CLI Manual"
.SH NAME
neo-supervise \- manage the autonomous supervisor daemon
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B neo supervise
.RB [ \-\-name
.IR name ]
.RB [ \-\-detach | \-d ]
.PP
.B neo supervise \-\-status
.RB [ \-\-name
.IR name ]
.PP
.B neo supervise \-\-kill
.RB [ \-\-name
.IR name ]
.PP
.B neo supervise \-\-attach
.RB [ \-\-name
.IR name ]
.PP
.B neo supervise \-\-message
.I text
.RB [ \-\-name
.IR name ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B neo supervise
manages the autonomous supervisor daemon. The supervisor coordinates agent
runs, monitors budgets, processes incoming messages, and maintains system
state through periodic heartbeats.
.PP
By default, running
.B neo supervise
starts the daemon if not running and opens the terminal user interface (TUI)
for interaction.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-\-name =\fIname\fR
Supervisor instance name. Defaults to "supervisor". Multiple named supervisors
can run simultaneously.
.TP
.BR \-\-detach ", " \-d
Start the daemon in the background without opening the TUI. Useful for
headless operation.
.TP
.B \-\-status
Show current supervisor status including PID, port, session info, heartbeat
count, and cost summary.
.TP
.B \-\-kill
Stop the running supervisor daemon. Sends SIGTERM for graceful shutdown,
followed by SIGKILL after 10 seconds if needed.
.TP
.B \-\-attach
Open the TUI for a running supervisor. This is the default behavior when
no flags are given.
.TP
.BR \-\-message =\fItext\fR
Send a message to the supervisor inbox. The message will be processed during
the next heartbeat cycle.
.SH TUI INTERACTION
The terminal user interface shows:
.PP
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
Supervisor status and statistics
.IP \(bu 2
Recent activity log
.IP \(bu 2
Message input for sending commands
.RE
.PP
Press Ctrl+C to detach from the TUI (daemon continues running).
.SH HTTP API
The supervisor exposes an HTTP API on the configured port (default 3210):
.TP
.B GET /health
Health check endpoint.
.TP
.B POST /webhook
Webhook endpoint for external integrations.
.SH FILES
.TP
.B ~/.neo/supervisors/<name>/
Supervisor state directory containing:
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
state.json - Daemon state (PID, port, heartbeat info)
.IP \(bu 2
activity.jsonl - Activity log
.IP \(bu 2
inbox.jsonl - Incoming messages
.IP \(bu 2
memory.json - Working memory
.IP \(bu 2
knowledge.md - Knowledge base
.IP \(bu 2
daemon.log - Daemon output log
.IP \(bu 2
supervisor.lock - Lock file
.RE
.SH EXAMPLES
Start supervisor and open TUI:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo supervise
.fi
.RE
.PP
Start supervisor in background:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo supervise --detach
.fi
.RE
.PP
Check supervisor status:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo supervise --status
.fi
.RE
.PP
Stop the supervisor:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo supervise --kill
.fi
.RE
.PP
Send a message to the supervisor:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo supervise --message "Please check repo X for failing tests"
.fi
.RE
.PP
Attach to a running supervisor:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo supervise --attach
.fi
.RE
.PP
Run a named supervisor:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo supervise --name production --detach
.fi
.RE
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Success.
.TP
.B 1
Supervisor already running (when starting), or not running (when killing/attaching).
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR neo (1),
.BR neo-run (1),
.BR neo-log (1),
.BR neo-memory (1),
.BR neo-mcp (1)
