.TH NEO-LOGS 1 "March 2026" "neo 0.1.0" "Neo CLI Manual"
.SH NAME
neo-logs \- show event logs from journals (session starts, completions, failures, costs)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B neo logs
.RB [ \-\-last
.IR n ]
.RB [ \-\-type
.IR event-type ]
.RB [ \-\-run
.IR id ]
.RB [ \-\-short ]
.RB [ \-\-follow | \-f ]
.RB [ \-\-output
.IR format ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B neo logs
displays event logs from the journals, including session starts, completions,
failures, and cost updates. Events are shown in reverse chronological order
by default.
.PP
Use
.B \-\-follow
with
.B \-\-run
to tail a detached run's log in real time.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-\-last =\fIn\fR
Show only the last
.I n
events. Defaults to 20.
.TP
.BR \-\-type =\fIevent-type\fR
Filter by event type. Available types:
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
session:start
.IP \(bu 2
session:complete
.IP \(bu 2
session:fail
.IP \(bu 2
cost:update
.IP \(bu 2
budget:alert
.RE
.TP
.BR \-\-run =\fIid\fR
Filter events by run ID (prefix match supported).
.TP
.B \-\-short
Compact output for supervisor agents. Saves tokens by using abbreviated format.
.TP
.BR \-\-follow ", " \-f
Follow a detached run log in real time. Requires
.B \-\-run
to be specified. The command will continue watching until the run completes
or Ctrl+C is pressed.
.TP
.BR \-\-output =\fIformat\fR
Output format. Use
.B json
for machine-readable JSON output.
.SH OUTPUT FORMATS
Default format:
.PP
.RS
.nf
[HH:MM:SS] session:start   agent=developer run=abc12345
[HH:MM:SS] session:done    cost=$0.0234 duration=15000ms
.fi
.RE
.PP
Short format:
.PP
.RS
.nf
HH:MM:SS START developer abc12345
HH:MM:SS OK    $0.0234 15000ms
.fi
.RE
.SH FILES
.TP
.B ~/.neo/journals/events-*
Event journal files containing session and cost events.
.TP
.B ~/.neo/runs/<repo-slug>/<run-id>.log
Individual run log files for detached runs.
.SH EXAMPLES
Show recent events:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo logs
.fi
.RE
.PP
Show only failures:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo logs --type session:fail
.fi
.RE
.PP
Follow a running detached job:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo logs --follow --run abc12345
.fi
.RE
.PP
Compact output for agents:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo logs --short --last 10
.fi
.RE
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Success.
.TP
.B 1
No event logs found, or --follow used without --run.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR neo (1),
.BR neo-log (1),
.BR neo-runs (1),
.BR neo-cost (1)
