.TH NEO-LOG 1 "March 2026" "neo 0.1.0" "Neo CLI Manual"
.SH NAME
neo-log \- log a structured progress report to the supervisor activity log
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B neo log
.I type
.I message
.RB [ \-\-name
.IR supervisor ]
.RB [ \-\-memory ]
.RB [ \-\-knowledge ]
.RB [ \-\-repo
.IR path ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B neo log
records structured progress reports that agents can use to communicate with
the supervisor. Each log entry is written to the supervisor's activity log
and optionally routed to memory or knowledge storage.
.PP
Log entries are also written to a log buffer that the supervisor processes
during its heartbeat cycle.
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
.I type
The report type. Must be one of:
.RS
.TP
.B progress
Current status updates (e.g., "3/5 endpoints done"). Routed to digest.
.TP
.B action
Completed actions (e.g., "Pushed to branch"). Routed to digest.
.TP
.B decision
Significant choices made (e.g., "Chose JWT over sessions"). Routed to memory.
.TP
.B blocker
Blocking issues requiring attention. Routed to memory and also sent to the
supervisor inbox to wake up the heartbeat.
.TP
.B milestone
Major achievements (e.g., "All tests passing, PR opened"). Routed to memory.
.TP
.B discovery
Learned facts about the codebase (e.g., "Repo uses Prisma + PostgreSQL").
Routed to knowledge.
.RE
.TP
.I message
The message content to log.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-\-name =\fIsupervisor\fR
Supervisor instance name. Defaults to "supervisor".
.TP
.B \-\-memory
Override default routing and send to memory target.
.TP
.B \-\-knowledge
Override default routing and send to knowledge target.
.TP
.BR \-\-repo =\fIpath\fR
Repository path associated with this log entry.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B NEO_AGENT_NAME
Automatically included in log entries when set.
.TP
.B NEO_RUN_ID
Automatically included in log entries when set.
.TP
.B NEO_REPOSITORY
Used as repository path if --repo is not specified.
.SH FILES
.TP
.B ~/.neo/supervisors/<name>/activity.jsonl
Activity log where entries are appended.
.TP
.B ~/.neo/supervisors/<name>/log-buffer.jsonl
Buffer for supervisor processing.
.TP
.B ~/.neo/supervisors/<name>/inbox.jsonl
Inbox for blocker messages (wakes up supervisor).
.SH EXAMPLES
Log a progress update:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo log progress "Completed 3 of 5 test files"
.fi
.RE
.PP
Log a blocker (will alert supervisor):
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo log blocker "Tests failing due to missing dependency"
.fi
.RE
.PP
Log a discovery to knowledge:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo log discovery "Repo uses TypeScript with strict mode"
.fi
.RE
.PP
Chain with commands (recommended pattern):
.PP
.RS
.nf
git push origin feat/auth && neo log action "Pushed feat/auth"
pnpm test && neo log milestone "All tests passing"
.fi
.RE
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Success.
.TP
.B 1
Invalid type specified.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR neo (1),
.BR neo-logs (1),
.BR neo-supervise (1),
.BR neo-memory (1)
