.TH NEO-RUNS 1 "March 2026" "neo 0.1.0" "Neo CLI Manual"
.SH NAME
neo-runs \- list runs or show details of a specific run
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B neo runs
.RI [ run-id ]
.RB [ \-\-all ]
.RB [ \-\-repo
.IR name ]
.RB [ \-\-last
.IR n ]
.RB [ \-\-status
.IR status ]
.RB [ \-\-short ]
.RB [ \-\-output
.IR format ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B neo runs
lists recent runs or shows detailed information about a specific run.
By default, only runs from the current repository are shown.
.PP
When a run ID is provided (full or prefix), detailed information about that
run is displayed including step-by-step execution details.
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
.I run-id
Optional run ID to show details for. Supports prefix matching.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-all
Show runs from all repositories instead of just the current one.
.TP
.BR \-\-repo =\fIname\fR
Filter runs to a specific repository by name or path.
.TP
.BR \-\-last =\fIn\fR
Show only the last
.I n
runs.
.TP
.BR \-\-status =\fIstatus\fR
Filter by status:
.BR completed ", " failed ", or " running .
.TP
.B \-\-short
Compact output for supervisor agents. Saves tokens by using abbreviated format.
.TP
.BR \-\-output =\fIformat\fR
Output format. Use
.B json
for machine-readable JSON output.
.SH OUTPUT
List mode shows a table with:
.TP
.B RUN
Short run ID (first 8 characters).
.TP
.B STATUS
Run status (completed, failed, running).
.TP
.B REPO
Repository name.
.TP
.B AGENT
Agent that executed the run.
.TP
.B COST
Total cost in USD.
.TP
.B DURATION
Total execution time.
.TP
.B BRANCH
Feature branch (if created).
.PP
Detail mode shows comprehensive information including:
.PP
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
Full run ID
.IP \(bu 2
Status
.IP \(bu 2
Repository path
.IP \(bu 2
Original prompt
.IP \(bu 2
Branch name
.IP \(bu 2
Total cost and duration
.IP \(bu 2
Creation timestamp
.IP \(bu 2
Per-step details (agent, status, cost, duration, output, errors)
.RE
.SH FILES
.TP
.B ~/.neo/runs/<repo-slug>/
Directory containing run state files for each repository.
.SH EXAMPLES
List recent runs:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo runs
.fi
.RE
.PP
List runs from all repositories:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo runs --all
.fi
.RE
.PP
Show details for a specific run:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo runs abc12345
.fi
.RE
.PP
Show only failed runs:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo runs --status failed
.fi
.RE
.PP
Compact output for agents:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo runs --short --last 5
.fi
.RE
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Success.
.TP
.B 1
No runs found, or specified run ID not found.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR neo (1),
.BR neo-run (1),
.BR neo-logs (1),
.BR neo-cost (1)
