.TH NEO-REPOS 1 "March 2026" "neo 0.1.0" "Neo CLI Manual"
.SH NAME
neo-repos \- manage registered repositories (list, add, remove)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B neo repos
.RB [ \-\-output
.IR format ]
.PP
.B neo repos add
.RI [ path ]
.RB [ \-\-name
.IR name ]
.RB [ \-\-branch
.IR branch ]
.PP
.B neo repos remove
.I name-or-path
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B neo repos
manages the repositories registered in the global neo configuration. Registered
repositories can be targeted by agents and have their runs, costs, and logs
tracked.
.PP
Without arguments, lists all registered repositories. Use
.B add
or
.B remove
to modify the registry.
.SH SUBCOMMANDS
.TP
.B (no action)
List all registered repositories showing their name, path, default branch,
and push remote.
.TP
.B add \fR[\fIpath\fR]
Register a repository. If
.I path
is omitted, uses the current directory. The default branch is auto-detected
from the git repository.
.TP
.B remove \fIname-or-path\fR
Unregister a repository by its name or path.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-\-output =\fIformat\fR
(list only) Output format. Use
.B json
for machine-readable JSON output.
.TP
.BR \-\-name =\fIname\fR
(add only) Custom name for the repository. If not specified, the repository
slug is derived from the path.
.TP
.BR \-\-branch =\fIbranch\fR
(add only) Default branch name. If not specified, auto-detected from the
git repository (looks for main, master, etc.).
.SH OUTPUT COLUMNS
.TP
.B NAME
Repository identifier (slug).
.TP
.B PATH
Absolute filesystem path to the repository.
.TP
.B BRANCH
Default branch name.
.TP
.B REMOTE
Push remote URL (if configured).
.SH FILES
.TP
.B ~/.neo/config.yml
Repository registrations are stored in the
.B repos
section.
.SH EXAMPLES
List registered repositories:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo repos
.fi
.RE
.PP
Register the current directory:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo repos add
.fi
.RE
.PP
Register a specific path with custom name:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo repos add /path/to/repo --name my-project
.fi
.RE
.PP
Remove a repository:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo repos remove my-project
.fi
.RE
.PP
List as JSON:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo repos --output json
.fi
.RE
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Success.
.TP
.B 1
Not a git repository (add), or repository not found (remove).
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR neo (1),
.BR neo-init (1),
.BR neo-run (1)
