.TH NEO-RUN 1 "March 2026" "neo 0.1.0" "Neo CLI Manual"
.SH NAME
neo-run \- dispatch an agent to execute a task in an isolated clone
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B neo run
.I agent
.B \-\-prompt
.I task
.RB [ \-\-repo
.IR path ]
.RB [ \-\-branch
.IR name ]
.RB [ \-\-priority
.IR level ]
.RB [ \-\-meta
.IR json ]
.RB [ \-\-git\-strategy
.IR strategy ]
.RB [ \-\-sync | \-s ]
.RB [ \-\-detach | \-d ]
.RB [ \-\-output
.IR format ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B neo run
dispatches an agent to execute a task. By default, the run is detached
(runs in the background), allowing you to continue working while the agent
executes.
.PP
The agent runs in an isolated git clone to prevent conflicts with your working
directory. Changes made by the agent can be pushed to a branch or submitted
as a pull request.
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
.I agent
Name of the agent to run (e.g., developer, architect, reviewer-quality).
Use
.B neo agents
to list available agents.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-\-prompt =\fItask\fR
Task description for the agent. Required.
.TP
.BR \-\-repo =\fIpath\fR
Target repository path. Defaults to current directory.
.TP
.BR \-\-branch =\fIname\fR
Branch name for the session clone. Required for agents that write code.
.TP
.BR \-\-priority =\fIlevel\fR
Priority level:
.BR critical ", " high ", " medium ", or " low .
Defaults to medium.
.TP
.BR \-\-meta =\fIjson\fR
Metadata as JSON string for traceability (e.g., ticketId, stage).
.TP
.BR \-\-git\-strategy =\fIstrategy\fR
Git strategy after completion:
.RS
.TP
.B pr
Create a pull request.
.TP
.B branch
Push to branch only (default).
.RE
.TP
.BR \-\-sync ", " \-s
Run in foreground (blocking) instead of detached. The command will wait for
the agent to complete and display results.
.TP
.BR \-\-detach ", " \-d
Run in background and return immediately with the run ID. This is the default
behavior.
.TP
.BR \-\-output =\fIformat\fR
Output format. Use
.B json
for machine-readable JSON output.
.SH OUTPUT
In detached mode (default), outputs the run ID and instructions for monitoring:
.PP
.RS
.nf
Detached run started: abc12345-...
  PID:  12345
  Logs: neo logs -f abc12345
.fi
.RE
.PP
In sync mode, outputs full results including:
.PP
.RS
.nf
Run:      abc12345-...
Agent:    developer
Status:   success
Cost:     $0.0234
Duration: 45.2s
Branch:   feat/add-tests
.fi
.RE
.SH EXAMPLES
Run developer agent with a task (detached):
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo run developer --prompt "Add unit tests for auth module"
.fi
.RE
.PP
Run in foreground and wait for completion:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo run developer --prompt "Fix bug in login" --sync
.fi
.RE
.PP
Run with branch and PR strategy:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo run developer --prompt "Implement feature X" \\
  --branch feat/feature-x --git-strategy pr
.fi
.RE
.PP
Run with metadata for traceability:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo run developer --prompt "Fix issue #123" \\
  --meta '{"ticketId": "PROJ-123"}'
.fi
.RE
.PP
High priority critical fix:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo run developer --prompt "Fix production bug" \\
  --priority critical --sync
.fi
.RE
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Success (in sync mode: task completed successfully; in detached mode: task started).
.TP
.B 1
Agent not found, or task failed (sync mode only).
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR neo (1),
.BR neo-runs (1),
.BR neo-agents (1),
.BR neo-logs (1)
