.TH NEO-MEMORY 1 "March 2026" "neo 0.1.0" "Neo CLI Manual"
.SH NAME
neo-memory \- inspect and search supervisor memory and knowledge
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B neo memory search
.I query
.RB [ \-\-name
.IR supervisor ]
.RB [ \-\-repo
.IR filter ]
.RB [ \-\-short ]
.PP
.B neo memory list
.RB [ \-\-name
.IR supervisor ]
.PP
.B neo memory show
.RB [ \-\-name
.IR supervisor ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B neo memory
provides tools for inspecting the supervisor's memory and knowledge stores.
Memory contains the supervisor's working state (agenda, active work, blockers,
decisions). Knowledge contains learned facts about repositories organized by
section.
.SH SUBCOMMANDS
.TP
.B search \fIquery\fR
Search across both memory and knowledge for matching content. Results show
the matching lines with context.
.TP
.B list
Display a summary of memory and knowledge contents, showing counts of items
in each category.
.TP
.B show
Pretty-print the full contents of memory and knowledge stores.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-\-name =\fIsupervisor\fR
Supervisor instance name. Defaults to "supervisor".
.TP
.BR \-\-repo =\fIfilter\fR
(search only) Filter knowledge results to a specific repository section.
.TP
.B \-\-short
(search only) Compact output for agent consumption.
.SH MEMORY STRUCTURE
The memory store contains:
.TP
.B agenda
Current supervisor agenda or goals.
.TP
.B activeWork
List of currently active work items.
.TP
.B blockers
List of blocking issues requiring resolution.
.TP
.B decisions
List of decisions made by the supervisor.
.TP
.B trackerSync
State of external tracker synchronization.
.SH KNOWLEDGE STRUCTURE
Knowledge is stored as a markdown file with sections per repository:
.PP
.RS
.nf
## Global
- Fact about the overall system

## /path/to/repo
- Fact about this specific repository
.fi
.RE
.SH FILES
.TP
.B ~/.neo/supervisors/<name>/memory.json
Structured memory state.
.TP
.B ~/.neo/supervisors/<name>/knowledge.md
Knowledge base in markdown format.
.SH EXAMPLES
Search for TypeScript-related facts:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo memory search typescript
.fi
.RE
.PP
Show memory summary:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo memory list
.fi
.RE
.PP
Print full memory and knowledge:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo memory show
.fi
.RE
.PP
Search with repo filter:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo memory search "database" --repo /path/to/repo
.fi
.RE
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Success (or no results found).
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR neo (1),
.BR neo-log (1),
.BR neo-supervise (1)
