.TH NEO-COST 1 "March 2026" "neo 0.1.0" "Neo CLI Manual"
.SH NAME
neo-cost \- show cost breakdown from journals (today, by agent, by run)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B neo cost
.RB [ \-\-all ]
.RB [ \-\-repo
.IR name ]
.RB [ \-\-short ]
.RB [ \-\-output
.IR format ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B neo cost
displays cost information from the journals, showing both today's costs and
all-time totals. The breakdown includes costs per agent and per repository.
.PP
By default, costs are filtered to the current repository. Use
.B \-\-all
to see costs across all registered repositories.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-all
Show costs from all repositories instead of just the current one.
.TP
.BR \-\-repo =\fIname\fR
Filter costs to a specific repository by name or path.
.TP
.B \-\-short
Compact output for supervisor agents. Saves tokens by outputting in a
machine-friendly single-line format.
.TP
.BR \-\-output =\fIformat\fR
Output format. Use
.B json
for machine-readable JSON output.
.SH OUTPUT
The default output shows:
.PP
.RS
.nf
Today:    $X.XXXX (N sessions)
All time: $X.XXXX (N sessions)
.fi
.RE
.PP
When there are multiple agents or repositories, tables showing the breakdown
by agent and by repository are also displayed.
.PP
In
.B \-\-short
mode, output is a single line:
.PP
.RS
.nf
today=$X.XXXX sessions=N agent1=$X.XXXX agent2=$X.XXXX
.fi
.RE
.SH FILES
.TP
.B ~/.neo/journals/cost-*
Cost journal files containing per-session cost entries.
.SH EXAMPLES
Show costs for the current repository:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo cost
.fi
.RE
.PP
Show costs for all repositories:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo cost --all
.fi
.RE
.PP
Compact output for agent consumption:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo cost --short
.fi
.RE
.PP
Get costs as JSON:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo cost --output json
.fi
.RE
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Success.
.TP
.B 1
No cost data found.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR neo (1),
.BR neo-runs (1),
.BR neo-logs (1)
