.TH NEO-MCP 1 "March 2026" "neo 0.1.0" "Neo CLI Manual"
.SH NAME
neo-mcp \- manage MCP server integrations (Linear, Notion, GitHub, etc.)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B neo mcp list
.PP
.B neo mcp add
.I name
.RB [ \-\-type
.IR stdio | http ]
.RB [ \-\-command
.IR cmd ]
.RB [ \-\-serverArgs
.IR args ]
.RB [ \-\-url
.IR url ]
.PP
.B neo mcp remove
.I name
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B neo mcp
manages Model Context Protocol (MCP) server integrations that extend agent
capabilities. MCP servers allow agents to interact with external services
like Linear, Notion, GitHub, Jira, and Slack.
.PP
Several presets are available for popular services. Custom servers can be
configured using stdio or HTTP transport.
.SH SUBCOMMANDS
.TP
.B list
List all configured MCP servers showing their name, type, and configuration.
.TP
.B add \fIname\fR
Add an MCP server. If
.I name
matches a preset, the preset configuration is used. Otherwise, use
.B \-\-type
to configure a custom server.
.TP
.B remove \fIname\fR
Remove an MCP server configuration.
.SH PRESETS
Available presets (use name as the argument to add):
.TP
.B linear
Linear issue tracking. Requires
.B LINEAR_API_KEY
environment variable.
.TP
.B notion
Notion workspace. Requires
.B NOTION_TOKEN
environment variable.
.TP
.B github
GitHub repository access. Requires
.B GITHUB_TOKEN
environment variable.
.TP
.B jira
Jira issue tracking. Requires
.B JIRA_API_TOKEN
and
.B JIRA_URL
environment variables.
.TP
.B slack
Slack messaging. Requires
.B SLACK_BOT_TOKEN
environment variable.
.SH OPTIONS FOR CUSTOM SERVERS
.TP
.BR \-\-type =\fIstdio\fR | \fIhttp\fR
Server transport type.
.B stdio
for command-line servers,
.B http
for HTTP API servers.
.TP
.BR \-\-command =\fIcmd\fR
Command to run for stdio servers (required for stdio type).
.TP
.BR \-\-serverArgs =\fIargs\fR
Comma-separated arguments for the command (stdio only).
.TP
.BR \-\-url =\fIurl\fR
URL for HTTP servers (required for http type).
.SH FILES
.TP
.B ~/.neo/config.yml
MCP server configurations are stored in the
.B mcpServers
section of the global config.
.SH EXAMPLES
List configured servers:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo mcp list
.fi
.RE
.PP
Add Linear integration (preset):
.PP
.RS
.nf
export LINEAR_API_KEY=your-key
neo mcp add linear
.fi
.RE
.PP
Add a custom stdio server:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo mcp add myserver --type stdio --command npx \\
  --serverArgs "-y,@myorg/mcp-server"
.fi
.RE
.PP
Add a custom HTTP server:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo mcp add myapi --type http --url https://api.example.com/mcp
.fi
.RE
.PP
Remove a server:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo mcp remove linear
.fi
.RE
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Success.
.TP
.B 1
Server name required, unknown preset without --type, missing required options,
or server not found (remove).
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR neo (1),
.BR neo-supervise (1)
