.TH NEO-DOCTOR 1 "March 2026" "neo 0.1.0" "Neo CLI Manual"
.SH NAME
neo-doctor \- check environment prerequisites (Node.js, git, config, Claude CLI)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B neo doctor
.RB [ \-\-fix ]
.RB [ \-\-output
.IR format ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B neo doctor
performs a comprehensive check of the environment to ensure all prerequisites
for running neo are met. It verifies:
.PP
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
Node.js version (requires >= 22)
.IP \(bu 2
Git version (requires >= 2.20)
.IP \(bu 2
Data directory existence and write permissions
.IP \(bu 2
Global configuration validity
.IP \(bu 2
Repository registration status
.IP \(bu 2
Claude CLI installation
.IP \(bu 2
Agent definitions availability
.IP \(bu 2
Journals directory existence and permissions
.IP \(bu 2
Stale session clones
.RE
.PP
Some issues can be automatically fixed using the
.B \-\-fix
option.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-fix
Attempt to automatically fix detected issues. Fixable issues include:
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
Missing directories (data, journals)
.IP \(bu 2
Stale session clones
.RE
.TP
.BR \-\-output =\fIformat\fR
Output format. Use
.B json
for machine-readable JSON output including all check results and any fix results.
.SH CHECK RESULTS
Each check reports one of three statuses:
.TP
.B pass
The check passed successfully.
.TP
.B fail
The check failed. Some failures may be fixable with
.BR \-\-fix .
.TP
.B info
Informational notice (e.g., repository not registered but zero-config mode works).
.SH EXAMPLES
Run all environment checks:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo doctor
.fi
.RE
.PP
Automatically fix issues:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo doctor --fix
.fi
.RE
.PP
Get results as JSON:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo doctor --output json
.fi
.RE
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
All checks passed (or all fixable issues were fixed).
.TP
.B 1
One or more checks failed.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR neo (1),
.BR neo-init (1)
