.TH NEO 1 "March 2026" "neo 0.1.0" "Neo CLI Manual"
.SH NAME
neo \- orchestrate autonomous developer agents with clone isolation, budget guards, and recovery
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B neo
.RI [ command ]
.RI [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B neo
is a command-line tool for orchestrating autonomous developer agents. It provides
clone isolation for safe code modifications, budget guards to control API costs,
and multi-level recovery mechanisms.
.PP
Run
.B neo init
to get started with a new project, or
.B neo doctor
to verify your environment setup.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B init
Initialize a .neo/ project directory and register the repository.
.TP
.B run
Dispatch an agent to execute a task in an isolated clone.
.TP
.B runs
List runs or show details of a specific run.
.TP
.B log
Log a structured progress report to the supervisor activity log.
.TP
.B logs
Show event logs from journals (session starts, completions, failures, costs).
.TP
.B memory
Inspect and search supervisor memory and knowledge.
.TP
.B cost
Show cost breakdown from journals (today, by agent, by run).
.TP
.B repos
Manage registered repositories (list, add, remove).
.TP
.B agents
List available agents (built-in and custom from .neo/agents/).
.TP
.B supervise
Manage the autonomous supervisor daemon.
.TP
.B mcp
Manage MCP server integrations (Linear, Notion, GitHub, etc.).
.TP
.B doctor
Check environment prerequisites (Node.js, git, config, Claude CLI).
.TP
.B version
Display the current neo version.
.SH GLOBAL OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-\-help ", " \-h
Show help information.
.TP
.BR \-\-version ", " \-v
Show version number.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B NEO_AGENT_NAME
The name of the current agent (set automatically during runs).
.TP
.B NEO_RUN_ID
The current run ID (set automatically during runs).
.TP
.B NEO_REPOSITORY
The current repository path (set automatically during runs).
.SH FILES
.TP
.B ~/.neo/config.yml
Global neo configuration file containing budget settings, registered repos, and MCP server configurations.
.TP
.B ~/.neo/journals/
Directory containing cost and event journals.
.TP
.B .neo/agents/
Project-local custom agent definitions.
.TP
.B /tmp/neo-sessions/
Default location for isolated session clones.
.SH EXAMPLES
Initialize a new project:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo init
.fi
.RE
.PP
Run a developer agent with a task:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo run developer --prompt "Add unit tests for utils.ts"
.fi
.RE
.PP
Check environment setup:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo doctor
.fi
.RE
.PP
Start the supervisor daemon:
.PP
.RS
.nf
neo supervise
.fi
.RE
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Success.
.TP
.B 1
An error occurred.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR neo-init (1),
.BR neo-run (1),
.BR neo-runs (1),
.BR neo-log (1),
.BR neo-logs (1),
.BR neo-memory (1),
.BR neo-cost (1),
.BR neo-repos (1),
.BR neo-agents (1),
.BR neo-supervise (1),
.BR neo-mcp (1),
.BR neo-doctor (1),
.BR neo-version (1)
.SH AUTHORS
Neo was created by the Neo development team.
.SH BUGS
Report bugs at https://github.com/andyoucreate/neo/issues
